---
description:
    "Your privacy is essential, and you should always know what's happening behind the scenes.
    Learn how I collect, use, disclose, transfer, and store your information."
layout: "article"
title: "Huh? Privacy Policy"
---

Peter Yaacoub built Huh? as an ad-supported app.

Throughout the privacy policy, the term Service will refer to Huh?, and the use of first-person singular pronouns will relate to the developer Peter Yaacoub.

This page informs you of my policies regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decides to use the Service.

## Information Collection and Use

The Service uses third-party services that may collect information to identify you. Link to the privacy policy of third-party service providers used by the Service:

- [AdMob](https://support.google.com/admob/answer/6128543?hl=en)

Third-party services used for advertising may use a unique identifier provided by the user's device to present relevant and personalized ads. Other third-party advertising services may collect user data to show relevant and personalized ads.


The Service does not target children under thirteen. Because of that, third-party advertising services may directly collect user data to present relevant and personalized ads. Users in the European Economic Area (EEA) running iOS 14 or newer can opt-out of sharing their data with AdMob and stop receiving relevant and personalized ads based on their interests.

## Log Data

Whenever you use my Service, in the case of an error, I collect data and information (through third-party products) on your phone called Log Data. The Log Data may include your operating system version, the Service's settings, and the time and date.

## Cookies

Cookies are files with a small amount of data, commonly used as anonymous and unique identifiers. The Service does not use these cookies explicitly. However, the Service may use third-party services or link to sites that use cookies to collect information and improve their services. The user has the option to either accept or refuse a site's cookies.

## Links to Other Sites

This Service may contain links to other sites. Note that I do not operate these external links. Therefore, I strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. I have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.

## Security

I have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.
Also, no method of transmission over the internet or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable. As such, I cannot guarantee the Service's absolute security.

## Changes to This Privacy Policy

I may update this Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, I advise you to review this page periodically for any changes. I will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.

## Contact Me

If you have any questions or suggestions about my Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact me at:

[{{ site.social_links.email }}](mailto:{{ site.social_links.email }})